hi everybody and welcome back to cook
and share today in this episode we're
making up a world-famous dish that's
commonly found in Thai eateries Pad Thai
we were traveling the other day and came
across this mobile restaurant that was
serving it we bought something we
thought boy hits this ever good so we
thought we'd try and make it and share
it with you I have to mention that there
are many different ways of doing this
and this is by no means authentic so if
your Thai don't be offended so let's get
started what I have here are some Thai
noodles I just picked these up at my
local grocery store you can also get
them in any Asian store so we'll add
these to a large container and pour a
couple of cups of water over the top
just enough to make sure the noodles are
submerged and what you need to do is
allow these to soak for about 30 minutes
in the meantime what I'm going to do is
begin preparing the sauce and the main
ingredients for it are fish sauce chili
sauce sugar and tamarind paste what I
have here are some tamarind paste that I
just picked up on my local Asian store
now this is really a thick concentrated
paste so what I did is added to a
measuring cup put in some water and
mushed it down and mixed it up and of
course remove the seeds and if you want
to know the exact measurements I did a
write up on the blog so just check it
out in making this dish is pretty
important that you prepare everything in
advance just so things go smoothly so
what I have here is some shrimp that
I've devayne dandy shelled some extra
firm tofu that I've cubed up and fried
some eggs chopped shallots some garlic
some garlic chives bean sprouts and some
roasted peanuts okay let's make the
sauce first by adding the tammer into a
preheated pan followed by the fish sauce
the chilli sauce the sugar usually palm
sugar is used in this recipe but if
you're on the other side of the world
like me white sugar will do just fine so
we're just going to give this a stir
over medium heat bring it to a boil and
set it aside next what we're going to do
is add some oil to a preheated pan add
the shallots in followed by the chopped
garlic and I'll stir and saute this just
for a minute or two until they're
fragrant then we'll place the shrimp in
followed by the fried tofu and give it a
stir until the shrimp become pinkish now
we'll add in the Thai noodles that we
soaked awhile ago some water and I'm
just going to toss this until they're
thoroughly mixed now we'll push
everything to one side of the pan adding
a little bit more oil just so it's not
going to be dry crack the egg in so
remember one egg is for one serving I'm
just going to kind of break the yolk
here scramble it up just a little bit
and fold it into the noodles
next what you're going to do is for the
sauce over and stir it around until the
sauce coats the noodles now I should
mention here that everything is done
over medium-high heat and of course you
want to make sure everything is well
coated and the noodles have absorbed the
liquid lastly what we're going to do is
add in the bean sprouts and the garlic
chives and toss it for another minute or
two until the noodles are saw dried and
fairly tangled by the way this is a
serving for one but if you're serving
two or three or you're a big eater
simply double or triple the recipe now
we've plated this up we're going to
garnish it with some roasted peanuts a
few chives on the side some bean sprouts
and lime wedges and there you have it
our delicious Pad Thai a heavenly taste
of Thailand so that was our pad thai I
could eat this three times a week and
I'm sure if you make this you'll say the
same thing if you know of some other
food icons from countries around the
world drop us a line below and we'll try
and make it and check out our website
for many more easy recipes don't forget
to click subscribe and like our videos
thanks for watching and see you next
time
you